title: How I got started: Apple

----

date: 2013-03-02 

----

text: 

I remember the first time I fell in love with an apple product. It was the third generation iPod. You know the one. It was in my opinion the most beautiful iPod. The four touch sensitive buttons made it feel like it was from the future, while the gentle curves of its slightly see-through, white plastic, reminisced of a seductive young lady in a white gown.

  

It was piece of technology I lusted after, and sadly, never had the money to make my own.

The iPod introduced me to Apple's culture and made me mindlessly want their products, but they didn't spark that recognition of something beyond it self. They didn't show me what design could accomplish beyond surface level aesthetics inherent in a device.

The object that finally did seduce my mind to understanding was the iMac G5.

  

I was a freshly minted eighth grader, and I was doing homework at a friends house when he suddenly pulled me over to his computer to take a look at the latest computers Apple had put out.

As I looked at the block of white plastic and clear glass suspend from a bent piece of aluminum, I told him he was mistaken. That was only the monitor, the commuter had to connect to it. Yet he continued to explain, patiently, that it was indeed the new iMac. The entire computer was jammed into the rectangle of white plastic and glass.

My world changed that day. I began to understand that design is not simply the way something looks, the aesthetics of a piece. Design is, as Steve Jobs once said, how something works. Design is the total package. Everything has been designed, from ramen noodle cups, to my macbook air, everything has been carefully considered and designed for a human use.

And that is fascinating, and more so, important. If a product is designed poorly, then it can ruin your day (how many time have you struggled with rubbish PC software?), however something designed well and thoughtfully can get out of your way so you can focus your energy on more important things. It can put a small piece of delight in your life just by its very use. And I think that's a not-so-insignificant thing.

I couldn't believe such a thing as the iMac G5 could exist. It would be another six years before I could afford to buy myself my first Mac, but from that day I was a "fanboy".

----

tags: 

----

categories: 